versioned_docs/version-1.11/api-gateway-function/manual.mdx, before:

---
title: "Setup Guide"
slug: "manual"
excerpt: ""
hidden: false
createdAt: "Thu Oct 07 2024 19:00:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
updatedAt: "Thu Oct 07 2024 19:00:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## API Gateway Usage Guide

This document provides the setup steps for using the API Gateway feature of the SaaSus Platform to easily publish and manage APIs.

---

### Prerequisites
 - Sample Application<br/>
TIn this procedure, we will use the spring-petclinic as a sample application.<br/>
Please clone the spring-petclinic from the following link.<br/>
The location where you clone it is optional.<br/>
[Clone the Spring Petclinic Repository](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-petclinic)

 - Java SDK
The Java SDK used in this guide can be cloned from the link below:<br/>
[Clone the Java SDK Repository](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-petclinic)

 - SDK Setup
Please follow the steps below to set up the SDK.

1. Create the package using the Java SDK and install it into your local repository:
```
git clone git@github.com:saasus-platform/saasus-sdk-java.git
cd saasus-sdk-java
mvn clean package
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=target/saasus-sdk-java-1.0.0.jar -DgroupId=io.saasus -DartifactId=saasus-java -Dversion=0.0.1 -Dpackaging=jar
```

2. Add the following to the `<dependencies>` section of the spring-petclinic/pom.xml file:
```
    <dependency>
      <groupId>io.saasus</groupId>
      <artifactId>saasus-java</artifactId>
      <version>0.0.1</version>
    </dependency>
```

3. Configure the Java SDK in the spring-petclinic project:
```
cd spring-petclinic
mvn clean package

cp .env.example .env
vi .env

SAASUS_SAAS_ID="xxxxxxxxxx"
SAASUS_API_KEY="xxxxxxxxxx"
SAASUS_SECRET_KEY="xxxxxxxxxx"
```

:::info
For instructions on how to obtain the SAASUS_SAAS_ID, SAASUS_API_KEY, and SAASUS_SECRET_KEY, please refer to the following:<br/>
[Reconfirm SaaS ID, API Key and Client Secret](../tutorial/embed-the-saasus-sdk-into-your-web-application-and-make-it-multi-tenant#reconfirm-saas-id-api-key-and-client-secret)
:::
---

### Step 1: Application for Use

1. Access the **[API Gateway Feature Beta Version Application Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSftCXrCOH-19uoVyaziajuRSdvwCzdlteqK5xLxjvYs3Lz7Ww/viewform)** and fill out the required information to submit your application.

:::info
After submitting your application, you will receive a confirmation email from us.<br/>
While waiting for the email, proceed with the steps from Step2 onward.
:::
---

### Step 2: Annotation Settings in the Source Code

1. Add annotations to the methods to be exposed and configure them to be used as API endpoints.
:::info
As an example, we will create an API to call the processFindForm method located in the following file: <br/>
spring-petclinic/src/main/java/org/springframework/samples/petclinic/owner/OwnerController.java<br/>

Create a new file named FindFormApi.java in the following directory:<br/>
spring-petclinic/src/main/java/org/springframework/samples/petclinic/owner<br/>
and add the following code:<br/>

The Smart API Gateway is designed to call static methods.<br/>
Therefore, we will create a static method to be called by the Smart API Gateway, and within that method, we will call processFindForm.<br/>
Additionally, we will annotate the created static method with @SaaSusAPI to declare it as an endpoint for the Smart API Gateway.
:::

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
<TabItem value="java" label="java" default>
```

```txt
package org.springframework.samples.petclinic.owner;

import java.util.List;
import java.util.Map;

import org.springframework.data.domain.Page;
import org.springframework.data.domain.PageRequest;
import org.springframework.data.domain.Pageable;
import org.springframework.stereotype.Controller;
import org.springframework.ui.Model;
import org.springframework.validation.BindingResult;
import org.springframework.web.bind.WebDataBinder;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.GetMapping;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.InitBinder;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.ModelAttribute;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.PathVariable;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.PostMapping;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.RequestParam;
import org.springframework.web.servlet.ModelAndView;
import org.springframework.stereotype.Component;
import org.springframework.context.ApplicationContext;
import org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired;

import jakarta.annotation.PostConstruct;
import jakarta.validation.Valid;
import org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.support.RedirectAttributes;

import org.springframework.context.ApplicationContextAware;

// Load the SaaSus API
import saasus.sdk.modules.SaaSusAPI;

import org.springframework.ui.ExtendedModelMap;
import org.springframework.validation.DataBinder;
import com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ObjectMapper;
import com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype.jsr310.JavaTimeModule;

@Component
class ApplicationContextProvider implements ApplicationContextAware {

	private static ApplicationContext context;

	@Override
	public void setApplicationContext(ApplicationContext applicationContext) {
		context = applicationContext;
	}

	public static ApplicationContext getApplicationContext() {
		return context;
	}

}

@Component
public class FindFormApi {

	private static ApplicationContext applicationContext;

	// To use the SaaSus API:
	// Prepare a public static method
	// Use primitive types for parameters
	// Ensure the return value is in JSON format (or strictly in primitive types)
	@SaaSusAPI(path = "findFormApi")
	public static String processFindFormApi() {
		System.out.println("processFindFormApi");

		// Retrieve the OwnerController
		ApplicationContext applicationContext = ApplicationContextProvider.getApplicationContext();
		OwnerController ownerController = applicationContext.getBean(OwnerController.class);

		// Set the arguments required for calling processFindForm
		Owner owner = new Owner();
		DataBinder binder = new DataBinder(owner);
		BindingResult result = binder.getBindingResult();
		org.springframework.ui.Model model = new org.springframework.ui.ExtendedModelMap();

		// Call processFindForm
		String function_result = ownerController.processFindForm(1, owner, result, model);

		// Retrieve the result of processFindForm
		List<Owner> listOwners = (List<Owner>) model.getAttribute("listOwners");
		System.out.println("listOwners: " + listOwners);

		// Convert the list of Owner objects to JSON
		String listOwnersJson = "";
		try {
			ObjectMapper objectMapper = new ObjectMapper();
			objectMapper.registerModule(new JavaTimeModule());
			listOwnersJson = objectMapper.writeValueAsString(listOwners);
		}
		catch (Exception e) {
			e.printStackTrace();
		}
		return listOwnersJson;
	}

}
```

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
</Tabs>
```

---

### Step 3: API Server Startup Configuration

1. To enable the `saasus-sdk` API server to start when the application launches, add the following code to the `ServletInitializer` class.

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
<TabItem value="java" label="java" default>
```

```txt
import saasus.sdk.util.apiserver.ApiServer;

/**
 * PetClinic Spring Boot Application.
 *
 * @author Dave Syer
 *
 */
@SpringBootApplication
@ImportRuntimeHints(PetClinicRuntimeHints.class)
public class PetClinicApplication {

	public static void main(String[] args) {

		try {
			ApiServer.start(8083);
		}
		catch (Exception e) {
			e.printStackTrace();
			System.exit(1);
		}

		SpringApplication.run(PetClinicApplication.class, args);
	}

}
```

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
</Tabs>
```

2. Configure the **Application Load Balancer** with the following settings:

   - **Listener**: Port **8083**
   - **Target Group**: Create a target group for port **8083**
   - **Security Group**: Allow access to port **8083** for both the ALB and the application

---

### Step 4: Integration and Compression of Source Code

To upload the source code in Step 5, package it using the following shell script and compress it into a ZIP file.

```bash
#!/bin/bash

# Usage: $0 <directory>

DIRECTORY=$1
OUTPUT_FILE="generated_file_name.txt"

if [ -f "$OUTPUT_FILE" ]; then
    rm "$OUTPUT_FILE"
fi

find "$DIRECTORY" -type f -name "*.java" -print0 | while IFS= read -r -d '' file; do
    echo "===== $file =====" >> "$OUTPUT_FILE"
    cat "$file" >> "$OUTPUT_FILE"
    echo -e "\n" >> "$OUTPUT_FILE"
done

ZIP_FILE="generated_file_name.zip"
if [ -f "$ZIP_FILE" ]; then
    rm "$ZIP_FILE"
fi

zip "$ZIP_FILE" "$OUTPUT_FILE"
echo "All Java files have been merged and zipped into $ZIP_FILE"
```

**Usage**:

```sh
$ bash merge_java_files.sh <path_to_application>
```

Example:

```sh
$ bash merge_java_files.sh src/main/java/org/springframework/samples/petclinic
```

---

### Step 5: Upload the ZIP File

1. After receiving the confirmation email from us, access the API Gateway feature screen in the development console.

2. Upload the generated ZIP file from the screen.

---

### Step 6: Permission Settings

1. Go to the **Permission** tab and create the **CloudFormation for Assume Role**.
2. Register the created **Role ARN** and **External ID**.
3. Register the **VPC ID** and **Subnet IDs** for the VPC where you will create the PrivateLink (Network Load Balancer).
4. Register the **ALB ARN** of the Application Load Balancer.

:::info
Please enter only the **Public Subnet ID** in the Subnet IDs field.<br/>
Be sure not to enter the Private Subnet ID.
:::

Once these settings are complete, the infrastructure connecting SaaSus Platform with your environment will be created.

---

### Step 7: API Publishing and Access

1. Publish the API.
2. After submitting the application in Step 1, please reply to the notification sent by the SaaSus Platform team confirming that the API has been published.<br/>
   The domain information required for access will be sent to you via email by the SaaSus Platform team.

#### API Access Method

- An **API Key** is required to access the API. Generate an API Key from the **Tenant Management screen** in the operation console and use it to access the API.
- As this is a beta version, domain information required for access will be sent via email by the SaaSus Platform team.

#### Access Example

```sh
$ curl -v -X GET https://<domain>/<full_class_path>/<method_name> -H 'x-api-key:<issued_API_Key>' -H 'tenantId:<retrieved_tenantId>'
```

#### Example

```sh
$ curl -v -X GET https://xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx/org.springframework.samples.petclinic.owner.FindFormApi/processFindFormApi -H 'x-api-key:azydsktcf1b93Mmjxuex7CEbEoV7OjrGk0RIqgzCQtc' -H 'tenantId:dc38a950-5203-4820-a325-418c0764ec69'
```

Commit message:

change service name to smart api gateway

versioned_docs/version-1.11/api-gateway-function/manual.mdx, after:

---
title: "Setup Guide"
slug: "manual"
excerpt: ""
hidden: false
createdAt: "Thu Oct 07 2024 19:00:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
updatedAt: "Thu Oct 07 2024 19:00:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Smart API Gateway Usage Guide

This document provides the setup steps for using the Smart API Gateway feature of the SaaSus Platform to easily publish and manage APIs.

---

### Prerequisites
 - Sample Application<br/>
TIn this procedure, we will use the spring-petclinic as a sample application.<br/>
Please clone the spring-petclinic from the following link.<br/>
The location where you clone it is optional. (Please implement this under an EC2 instance under ALB, etc.)<br/>
[Clone the Spring Petclinic Repository](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-petclinic)

 - Java SDK
The Java SDK used in this guide can be cloned from the link below:<br/>
The location where you clone it is optional. (Please implement this under an EC2 instance under ALB, etc.)<br/>
[Clone the Java SDK Repository](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-petclinic)

 - SDK Setup
Please follow the steps below to set up the SDK.

1. Create the package using the Java SDK and install it into your local repository:
```
git clone git@github.com:saasus-platform/saasus-sdk-java.git
cd saasus-sdk-java
mvn clean package
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=target/saasus-sdk-java-1.0.0.jar -DgroupId=io.saasus -DartifactId=saasus-java -Dversion=0.0.1 -Dpackaging=jar
```

2. Add the following to the `<dependencies>` section of the spring-petclinic/pom.xml file:
```
    <dependency>
      <groupId>io.saasus</groupId>
      <artifactId>saasus-java</artifactId>
      <version>0.0.1</version>
    </dependency>
```

3. Configure the Java SDK in the spring-petclinic project:
```
cd spring-petclinic
mvn clean package

cp .env.example .env
vi .env

SAASUS_SAAS_ID="xxxxxxxxxx"
SAASUS_API_KEY="xxxxxxxxxx"
SAASUS_SECRET_KEY="xxxxxxxxxx"
```

:::info
For instructions on how to obtain the SAASUS_SAAS_ID, SAASUS_API_KEY, and SAASUS_SECRET_KEY, please refer to the following:<br/>
[Reconfirm SaaS ID, API Key and Client Secret](../tutorial/embed-the-saasus-sdk-into-your-web-application-and-make-it-multi-tenant#reconfirm-saas-id-api-key-and-client-secret)
:::
---

### Step 1: Application for Use

1. Access the **[Smart API Gateway Feature Beta Version Application Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSftCXrCOH-19uoVyaziajuRSdvwCzdlteqK5xLxjvYs3Lz7Ww/viewform)** and fill out the required information to submit your application.

:::info
After submitting your application, you will receive a confirmation email from us.<br/>
While waiting for the email, proceed with the steps from Step2 onward.
:::
---

### Step 2: Annotation Settings in the Source Code

1. Add annotations to the methods to be exposed and configure them to be used as API endpoints.
:::info
As an example, we will create an API to call the processFindForm method located in the following file: <br/>
spring-petclinic/src/main/java/org/springframework/samples/petclinic/owner/OwnerController.java<br/>

Create a new file named FindFormApi.java in the following directory:<br/>
spring-petclinic/src/main/java/org/springframework/samples/petclinic/owner<br/>
and add the following code:<br/>

The Smart API Gateway is designed to call static methods.<br/>
Therefore, we will create a static method to be called by the Smart API Gateway, and within that method, we will call processFindForm.<br/>
Additionally, we will annotate the created static method with @SaaSusAPI to declare it as an endpoint for the Smart API Gateway.
:::

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
<TabItem value="java" label="java" default>
```

```txt
package org.springframework.samples.petclinic.owner;

import java.util.List;
import java.util.Map;

import org.springframework.data.domain.Page;
import org.springframework.data.domain.PageRequest;
import org.springframework.data.domain.Pageable;
import org.springframework.stereotype.Controller;
import org.springframework.ui.Model;
import org.springframework.validation.BindingResult;
import org.springframework.web.bind.WebDataBinder;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.GetMapping;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.InitBinder;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.ModelAttribute;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.PathVariable;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.PostMapping;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.RequestParam;
import org.springframework.web.servlet.ModelAndView;
import org.springframework.stereotype.Component;
import org.springframework.context.ApplicationContext;
import org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired;

import jakarta.annotation.PostConstruct;
import jakarta.validation.Valid;
import org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.support.RedirectAttributes;

import org.springframework.context.ApplicationContextAware;

// Load the SaaSus API
import saasus.sdk.modules.SaaSusAPI;

import org.springframework.ui.ExtendedModelMap;
import org.springframework.validation.DataBinder;
import com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ObjectMapper;
import com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype.jsr310.JavaTimeModule;

@Component
class ApplicationContextProvider implements ApplicationContextAware {

	private static ApplicationContext context;

	@Override
	public void setApplicationContext(ApplicationContext applicationContext) {
		context = applicationContext;
	}

	public static ApplicationContext getApplicationContext() {
		return context;
	}

}

@Component
public class FindFormApi {

	private static ApplicationContext applicationContext;

	// To use the SaaSus API:
	// Prepare a public static method
	// Use primitive types for parameters
	// Ensure the return value is in JSON format (or strictly in primitive types)
	@SaaSusAPI(path = "findFormApi")
	public static String processFindFormApi() {
		System.out.println("processFindFormApi");

		// Retrieve the OwnerController
		ApplicationContext applicationContext = ApplicationContextProvider.getApplicationContext();
		OwnerController ownerController = applicationContext.getBean(OwnerController.class);

		// Set the arguments required for calling processFindForm
		Owner owner = new Owner();
		DataBinder binder = new DataBinder(owner);
		BindingResult result = binder.getBindingResult();
		org.springframework.ui.Model model = new org.springframework.ui.ExtendedModelMap();

		// Call processFindForm
		String function_result = ownerController.processFindForm(1, owner, result, model);

		// Retrieve the result of processFindForm
		List<Owner> listOwners = (List<Owner>) model.getAttribute("listOwners");
		System.out.println("listOwners: " + listOwners);

		// Convert the list of Owner objects to JSON
		String listOwnersJson = "";
		try {
			ObjectMapper objectMapper = new ObjectMapper();
			objectMapper.registerModule(new JavaTimeModule());
			listOwnersJson = objectMapper.writeValueAsString(listOwners);
		}
		catch (Exception e) {
			e.printStackTrace();
		}
		return listOwnersJson;
	}

}
```

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
</Tabs>
```

---

### Step 3: API Server Startup Configuration

1. To enable the `saasus-sdk` API server to start when the application launches, add the following code to the `ServletInitializer` class.

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
<TabItem value="java" label="java" default>
```

```txt
import saasus.sdk.util.apiserver.ApiServer;

/**
 * PetClinic Spring Boot Application.
 *
 * @author Dave Syer
 *
 */
@SpringBootApplication
@ImportRuntimeHints(PetClinicRuntimeHints.class)
public class PetClinicApplication {

	public static void main(String[] args) {

		try {
			ApiServer.start(8083);
		}
		catch (Exception e) {
			e.printStackTrace();
			System.exit(1);
		}

		SpringApplication.run(PetClinicApplication.class, args);
	}

}
```

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
</Tabs>
```

2. Configure the **Application Load Balancer** with the following settings:

   - **Listener**: Port **8083**
   - **Target Group**: Create a target group for port **8083**
   - **Security Group**: Allow access to port **8083** for both the ALB and the application

---

### Step 4: Integration and Compression of Source Code

To upload the source code in Step 5, package it using the following shell script and compress it into a ZIP file.

```bash
#!/bin/bash

# Usage: $0 <directory>

DIRECTORY=$1
OUTPUT_FILE="generated_file_name.txt"

if [ -f "$OUTPUT_FILE" ]; then
    rm "$OUTPUT_FILE"
fi

find "$DIRECTORY" -type f -name "*.java" -print0 | while IFS= read -r -d '' file; do
    echo "===== $file =====" >> "$OUTPUT_FILE"
    cat "$file" >> "$OUTPUT_FILE"
    echo -e "\n" >> "$OUTPUT_FILE"
done

ZIP_FILE="generated_file_name.zip"
if [ -f "$ZIP_FILE" ]; then
    rm "$ZIP_FILE"
fi

zip "$ZIP_FILE" "$OUTPUT_FILE"
echo "All Java files have been merged and zipped into $ZIP_FILE"
```

**Usage**:

```sh
$ bash merge_java_files.sh <path_to_application>
```

Example:

```sh
$ bash merge_java_files.sh src/main/java/org/springframework/samples/petclinic
```

---

### Step 5: Upload the ZIP File

1. After receiving the confirmation email from us, access the Smart API Gateway feature screen in the development console.

2. Upload the generated ZIP file from the screen.

---

### Step 6: Permission Settings

1. Go to the **Permission** tab and create the **CloudFormation for Assume Role**.
2. Register the created **Role ARN** and **External ID**.
3. Register the **VPC ID** and **Subnet IDs** for the VPC where you will create the PrivateLink (Network Load Balancer).
4. Register the **ALB ARN** of the Application Load Balancer.

:::info
Please enter only the **Public Subnet ID** in the Subnet IDs field.<br/>
Be sure not to enter the Private Subnet ID.
:::

Once these settings are complete, the infrastructure connecting SaaSus Platform with your environment will be created.

---

### Step 7: API Publishing and Access

1. Publish the API.
2. After submitting the application in Step 1, please reply to the notification sent by the SaaSus Platform team confirming that the API has been published.<br/>
   The domain information required for access will be sent to you via email by the SaaSus Platform team.

#### API Access Method

- An **API Key** is required to access the API. Generate an API Key from the **Tenant Management screen** in the operation console and use it to access the API.
- As this is a beta version, domain information required for access will be sent via email by the SaaSus Platform team.

#### Access Example

```sh
$ curl -v -X GET https://<domain>/<full_class_path>/<method_name> -H 'x-api-key:<issued_API_Key>' -H 'tenantId:<retrieved_tenantId>'
```

#### Example

```sh
$ curl -v -X GET https://xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx/org.springframework.samples.petclinic.owner.FindFormApi/processFindFormApi -H 'x-api-key:azydsktcf1b93Mmjxuex7CEbEoV7OjrGk0RIqgzCQtc' -H 'tenantId:dc38a950-5203-4820-a325-418c0764ec69'
```
