docs/aws-marketplace-integration/product-submission/step4-set-prices.md, before:

---
title: "Step4 : Set prices"
slug: "step4-set-prices"
excerpt: ""
hidden: true
createdAt: "Mon Feb 05 2024 20:13:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
updatedAt: "Thu Feb 08 2024 05:06:11 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
---
続いて、AWS Marketplace上で販売する製品の購入オプションと契約期間を入力していきます。

AWS Marketplace連携機能で出力された指示書に従って、`Purchasing options`と`Contract duration options`を入力してください。

:::caution

必ず指示書に従って入力してください。

[AWS Marketplace連携機能ページ](https://settings.console.saasus.io/integrations/aws-marketplace)から出品手続きを開始していただき、`ステップ1-4:SaaS製品情報の登録`まで進めていだたくと指示書を確認できるようになります。

![](/ja/img/aws-marketplace-integration/product-submission/step4-set-prices/step4-set-prices-1.png)
:::

![](/ja/img/aws-marketplace-integration/product-submission/step4-set-prices/step4-set-prices-2.png)


入力が完了した後`Next`を押下して次に進みます。

Commit message:

add marketplace product submission english document

docs/aws-marketplace-integration/product-submission/step4-set-prices.md, after:

---
title: "Step 4: Set Prices"
slug: "step4-set-prices"
excerpt: ""
hidden: true
createdAt: "Mon Feb 05 2024 20:13:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
updatedAt: "Thu Feb 08 2024 05:06:11 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
---
Next, enter the purchase options and contract duration for the product to be sold on the AWS Marketplace.

Please enter the `Purchasing options` and `Contract duration options` in accordance with the instructions in the output from the AWS Marketplace integration function.

:::caution
Please make sure to follow the instructions on the sheet.

You can check the instruction sheet by starting the listing process from the [AWS Marketplace integration function page](https://settings.console.saasus.io/integrations/aws-marketplace), and proceeding up to `Step 1-4: Registering SaaS product information`.

![](/ja/img/aws-marketplace-integration/product-submission/step4-set-prices/step4-set-prices-1.png)
:::

![](/ja/img/aws-marketplace-integration/product-submission/step4-set-prices/step4-set-prices-2.png)

After completing the input, press `Next` to proceed.
