docs/aws-marketplace-integration/product-submission/step7-configure-offer-availability.md, before:

---
title: "Step7 : Configure offer availability"
slug: "step7-configure-offer-availability"
excerpt: ""
hidden: true
createdAt: "Tue Feb 06 2024 00:55:44 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
updatedAt: "Thu Feb 08 2024 06:41:05 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
---
続いて、SaaS製品の販売する国を決めていきます。

販売する国についてはお客様の事業内容に応じて、入力を進めてください。

全ての国を対象にする場合は、`All contries`を選択します。

![](/ja/img/aws-marketplace-integration/product-submission/step7-configure-offer-availability/step7-configure-offer-availability-1.png)


対象外にする国を指定する場合は、`All countries with exclusions`を選択して国を選びます。

![](/ja/img/aws-marketplace-integration/product-submission/step7-configure-offer-availability/step7-configure-offer-availability-2.png)


対象にする国を指定する場合は、`Allowlisted countries only`を選択して国を選びます。

![](/ja/img/aws-marketplace-integration/product-submission/step7-configure-offer-availability/step7-configure-offer-availability-3.png)


入力が完了した後`Next`を押下して次に進みます。

Commit message:

add marketplace product submission english document

docs/aws-marketplace-integration/product-submission/step7-configure-offer-availability.md, after:

---
title: "Step 7: Configure Offer Availability"
slug: "step7-configure-offer-availability"
excerpt: ""
hidden: true
createdAt: "Tue Feb 06 2024 00:55:44 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
updatedAt: "Thu Feb 08 2024 06:41:05 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
---
Next, you'll decide the countries in which to sell your SaaS product.

Please proceed with entering the countries as per your business.

If you want to target all countries, select `All countries`.

![](/ja/img/aws-marketplace-integration/product-submission/step7-configure-offer-availability/step7-configure-offer-availability-1.png)

If you want to specify excluded countries, select `All countries with exclusions` and choose the countries.

![](/ja/img/aws-marketplace-integration/product-submission/step7-configure-offer-availability/step7-configure-offer-availability-2.png)

If you want to specify allowed countries only, select `Allowlisted countries only` and choose the countries.

![](/ja/img/aws-marketplace-integration/product-submission/step7-configure-offer-availability/step7-configure-offer-availability-3.png)

After completing the input, press `Next` to proceed.
