---
title: "Update on 2026/04/02"
slug: "20260402"
type: ""
createdAt: {}
hidden: false
---

We have released updates on the following features.

Sign-in ID Authentication  
　In addition to the conventional email address authentication, we have added a \"Sign-in ID Authentication\" feature that allows you to use any string as a \"Sign-in ID\". This enables the operation of users who do not have an email address.  

　Main features
  - User creation and authentication with Sign-in ID
    Instead of an email address, any string (alphanumeric characters, _, -, up to 50 characters) can be used as a Sign-in ID for authentication.  
  - Management from SaaS Operation Console and API
    Users with a Sign-in ID can be created and managed from both the SaaS Operation Console and the API.  
    When creating a user, you can select whether to use \"Email Address\" or \"Sign-in ID\" as the authentication method.  
  - Login screen display customization
    Along with the introduction of the Sign-in ID Authentication feature, the input field label on the login screen can now be changed to \"Email Address / Sign-in ID\".  
    ■ How to configure  
      To avoid affecting existing login screens, the display change setting is initially set to \"OFF\".  
      To switch the label, please turn ON \"Add Sign-in ID notation\" from [Authentication Detail Settings] > [Basic Settings] and save.  

With this release, Sign-in ID authentication is now available in addition to the conventional email address authentication. Please choose the appropriate authentication method according to the requirements of your service.