docs/tutorial/prepare-sample-application.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: "サンプルアプリケーションの準備"
slug: "prepare-sample-application"
excerpt: "シンプルなWebチャットアプリケーションをSaaS化してみましょう"
hidden: false
createdAt: "Wed Jan 11 2023 03:12:42 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
updatedAt: "Thu Dec 07 2023 01:25:35 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
---

シンプルな Web チャットアプリケーションを SaaS 化してみましょう

このチュートリアルでは、いわゆる普通の Web アプリケーションとして作成されている簡易チャットシステムを、SaaSus Platform を利用して SaaS 化していきます。

## サンプルアプリケーションの準備

まず、今回のサンプルアプリケーションを起動してみましょう！

この簡易チャットシステムは、バックエンドは PHP8 + Laravel9 + PostgreSQL13 にて作成されています。  
フロントエンドは Laravel with Blade にて作成されたものと、 Next.js にて SPA として作成されたものの２種類が入っています。

まずは、こちらを動作確認してみましょう！

<https://github.com/saasus-platform/sampleapp-basic-chat>

上記リポジトリを clone したディレクトリにて、  
※ PHP の場合`sampleapp-basic-chat/php/laravel`配下  
※ Next.js の場合`sampleapp-basic-chat/node/express`配下

```shell
./init.sh
```

でアプリケーションをローカルで起動できます。

起動したら、以下の URL にアクセスして試してみましょう。

Blade 版

URL: <http://localhost/board>  
認証用 Email: [user@example.com](mailto:user@example.com)  
Password: password

![サンプル](/img/tutorial/prepare-sample-application-01.png)

Next.js 版

URL: <http://localhost:80/login/>  
認証用 Email: [user@example.com](mailto:user@example.com)  
Password: password

※ Next.js 版は、ビルドに数分掛かる可能性があります。表示できない場合は、数分待ってから再度表示してみてください。

![サンプル](/img/tutorial/prepare-sample-application-02.png)

このような形で、ユーザが好きに書き込みができます。

現状では、ユーザを識別するために Laravel 標準の認証モジュールを利用しています。

しかし、Laravel 標準の認証モジュールなのでセキュリティが強力とは言いづらいです。そして、シンプルな Web アプリケーションなので、もちろんテナントの概念がありません。役割(ロール)の概念もありませんし、料金プランなどはもちろんありません。

この状態のシンプルな Web アプリケーションを SaaS 化していきましょう！

※チュートリアル開始時点と完了時点でのソースコードの差分は  
PHP  
<https://github.com/saasus-platform/sampleapp-basic-chat/pull/10/files>

Next.js  
<https://github.com/saasus-platform/sampleapp-basic-chat/pull/11/files>

こちらになりますので、参考にしてみてください

Commit message:

add English version of the tutorial

docs/tutorial/prepare-sample-application.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: "Prepare a Sample Application"
slug: "prepare-the-sample-application"
excerpt: "Let's turn a simple web chat application into SaaS"
hidden: false
createdAt: "Fri Jan 20 2023 01:46:32 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
updatedAt: "Thu Dec 07 2023 01:25:35 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
---

Let's turn a simple web chat application into SaaS

In this tutorial, a simple chat system created as a so-called ordinary web application will be converted to SaaS using the SaaSus Platform.

## Preparing the Sample Application

First, let's start the sample application!

The backend of this simple chat system is PHP8 + Laravel9 + PostgreSQL13.  
There are two types of frontends, one created with Laravel with Blade and one created as an SPA with Next.js.

First of all, let's check the operation!

<https://github.com/saasus-platform/sampleapp-basic-chat>

In the directory where the above repository is cloned,

- For PHP, under `sampleapp-basic-chat/php/laravel`
- For Next.js, under `sampleapp-basic-chat/node/express`

```shell
./init.sh
```

will start the application locally.

Once it's started, go to the URL below and give it a try.

Blade version

URL: <http://localhost/board>  
Authentication Email: [user@example.com](mailto:user@example.com)  
Password: password

![サンプル](/img/tutorial/prepare-sample-application/prepare-sample-application-01.png)

Next.js version

URL: <http://localhost:80/login/>  
Authentication Email: [user@example.com](mailto:user@example.com)  
Password: password

- The Next.js version may take several minutes to build. If it doesn't display, wait a few minutes and try to view it again.

![サンプル](/img/tutorial/prepare-sample-application/prepare-sample-application-02.png)

In this way, users can write whatever they like.

Currently, we use Laravel's standard authentication module to identify users.

However, since it is a Laravel standard authentication module, it is difficult to say that security is strong. Also since it's a simple web application, of course there is no concept of tenants. There is no concept of roles, and there are no pricing plans.

Let's turn this simple web application into SaaS!

\*The difference between the source code at the start of the tutorial and at the end of the tutorial is  
PHP  
<https://github.com/saasus-platform/sampleapp-basic-chat/pull/10/files>

Next.js  
<https://github.com/saasus-platform/sampleapp-basic-chat/pull/11/files>

Please use the above links as reference.
